feat(docs): Add Behavior overview page (#2193)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/index.mdx

| ------------- | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `&kp`         | [Key Press](key-press.md)                    | Send keycodes to the connected host when a key is pressed                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `&trans`      | [Transparent Key Press](misc.md#transparent) | Pass the keypress down to the next active layer in the stack for processing                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `&none`       | [None Key Press](misc.md#none)               | Swallows and stops the keypress, no keycode will be sent nor will the keypress be passed down to the next active layer in the stack                                                                                                               |

Author: I'm not sure if placing them under "miscellaneous" is appropriate. 

Initially torn about it, I ultimately included them alongside other behaviors related to key presses, as they significantly influence key press handling, especially across multiple active layers. 

I find, having them in the miscellaneous section might downplay their significance and hinder comprehension of how key presses are handled if multiple layers are active.

> | `&none`       | [None Key Press](misc.md#none)               | Swallows and stops the keypress, no keycode will be sent nor will the keypress be passed down to the next active layer in the stack                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: While you are right about the last paragraph, I really don't think they fit in the key press behaviors because fundamentally they aren't related to sending keycodes to the computer. The bindings that transparent key falls into might as well be a layer change key or a BT binding, not necessarily a key press.

Maybe we can find a better name than "miscellaneous" for it, and place it right after this section so they aren't overlooked.

> | `&none`       | [None Key Press](misc.md#none)               | Swallows and stops the keypress, no keycode will be sent nor will the keypress be passed down to the next active layer in the stack                                                                                                               |

Author: I agree that they don't really fit in. I moved it into a new section below key press behaviors and called it `Miscellaneous` given that's currently also the name of the behavior page itself containing `&trans` and `&none`  in the navigation tree. 

Therefore, unless that is also to change we should stick with that name for this section to avoid confusion.

| `&mt`         | [Mod Tap](mod-tap.md)                        | Sends a different keypress, depending on whether it is held or tapped                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `&gresc`      | [Mod Morph](mod-morph.md)                    | Sends a different keypress, depending on whether a specified modifier is being held during the keypress                                                                                                                                           |
| `&kt`         | [Key Toggle](key-toggle.md)                  | Toggles the press of a key. If the key is not currently pressed, key toggle will press it, holding it until the key toggle is pressed again or the key is released in some other way. If the key is currently pressed, key toggle will release it |

> | `&sk`         | [Sticky Key](sticky-key.md)                  | A sticky key stays pressed until another key is pressed. It is often used for 'sticky shift'. By using a sticky shift, you don't have to hold the shift key to write a capital                                                                    |
> | `&caps_word`  | [Caps Word](caps-word.md)                    | The caps word behavior behaves similar to a caps lock, but will automatically deactivate when any key not in a continue list is pressed, or if the caps word key is pressed again                                                                 |
> | `&key_repeat` | [Key Repeat](key-repeat.md)                  | Send whatever keycode was last sent                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `&sk`         | [Sticky Key](sticky-key.md)                  | Stays pressed until another key is pressed, then is released. It is often used for modifier keys like shift, which allows typing capital letters without holding it down                                                                                                                                    |
| `&caps_word`  | [Caps Word](caps-word.md)                    | Behaves similar to caps lock, but automatically deactivates when any key not in a continue list is pressed, or if the caps word key is pressed again                                                                 |
| `&key_repeat` | [Key Repeat](key-repeat.md)                  | Sends whatever keycode was last sent                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

Author: Great feedback! I will find some time in the coming days to work them in and push an update.

| `&mo`   | [Momentary Layer activation](layers.md#momentary-layer) | Enables a layer while a certain key is pressed                                                          |
| `&lt`   | [Layer tap](layers.md#layer-tap)                        | Enables a layer when a key is held, and outputs a keypress when the key is only tapped for a short time |
| `&to`   | [To Layer](layers.md#to-layer)                          | Enables a layer and disables all other layers except the default layer                                  |
| `&tog`  | [Toggle Layer](layers.md#toggle-layer)                  | Enables a layer until the layer is manually disabled                                                    |
| `&sl`   | [Stickey Layer](sticky-layer.md)                        | A sticky layer stays pressed until another key is pressed                                               |

## Mouse emulation behavior

| Binding | Behavior                                                    | Description                    |
| ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |

> | `&mkp`  | [Mouse Button Press](mouse-emulation.md#mouse-button-press) | Emulate pressing mouse buttons |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `&mkp`  | [Mouse Button Press](mouse-emulation.md#mouse-button-press) | Emulates pressing mouse buttons |
```

## Reset behavior

| Binding       | Behavior                          | Description                                                                              |
| ------------- | --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `&sys_reset`  | [Reset](reset.md#reset)           | Reset the keyboard and re-run the firmware flashed to the device                         |
> | `&bootloader` | [Bootloader](reset.md#bootloader) | Reset the keyboard and put it into bootloader mode, allowing you to flash a new firmware |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `&sys_reset`  | [Reset](reset.md#reset)           | Resets the keyboard and re-runs the firmware flashed to the device                         |
| `&bootloader` | [Bootloader](reset.md#bootloader) | Resets the keyboard and puts it into bootloader mode, allowing you to flash new firmware |
```

| `&out`  | [Output Selection](outputs.md#output-selection-behavior) | Allows selecting whether output is sent to the USB or bluetooth connection when both are connected |

## Lighting behavior

| Binding   | Behavior                                       | Description                                                                     |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `&rgb_ug` | [RGB Underglow](underglow.md#behavior-binding) | Controlling the RGB underglow, usually placed underneath the keyboard           |
| `&bl`     | [Backlight](backlight.md#behavior-binding)     | Controlling the keyboard backlighting, usually placed through or under switches |

## Power management behavior

| Binding      | Behavior                                      | Description                                                     |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `&ext_power` | [Power management](power.md#behavior-binding) | Allows enabling or disabling the VCC power output to save power |

> ## Other behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User-defined behaviors
```
Does this make more sense? I am trying to make a distinction between pre-defined behavior bindings and custom/user-defined ones.

## Key press behaviors

| Binding       | Behavior                    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------- | --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `&kp`         | [Key Press](key-press.md)   | Send keycodes to the connected host when a key is pressed                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `&mt`         | [Mod Tap](mod-tap.md)       | Sends a different keypress, depending on whether it is held or tapped                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `&gresc`      | [Mod Morph](mod-morph.md)   | Sends a different keypress, depending on whether a specified modifier is being held during the keypress                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `&gresc`      | [Grave Escape](mod-morph.md#behavior-binding)   | Sends Grave Accent `\`` keycode if shift or GUI is held, sends Escape keycode otherwise                                                                                                                                           |
```
Describing grave-escape here specifically since that's the binding. (Need to double check whether the escaping worked)

Author: Changed the escaping to use of spaces (which markdown removes) in order to get `` ` `` to display.

| Binding      | Behavior                                      | Description                                                     |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `&ext_power` | [Power management](power.md#behavior-binding) | Allows enabling or disabling the VCC power output to save power |

## User-defined behaviors

| Behavior                            | Description                                                                                                  |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Macros](macros.md)                 | Allows configuring a list of other behaviors to invoke when the macro is pressed and/or released             |
| [Hold Tap](hold-tap.mdx)            | Hold-tap is the basis for other behaviors such as [layer-tap](layers.md#layer-tap) and [mod-tap](mod-tap.md) |
| [Tap Dance](tap-dance.mdx)          | Invokes differend behaviors corresponding to how many times a key is pressed                                 |

> | [Sensor Rotation](sensor-rotate.md) | Triggers different behaviors depending on whether the sensor is rotated clockwise or counter-clockwise       |

Author: Good call out! Hard to see the changes without highlighting.

Below is a summary of pre-defined behavior bindings and user-definable behaviors available in ZMK, with references to documentation pages describing them.

## Key press behaviors

| Binding       | Behavior                                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `&kp`         | [Key Press](key-press.md)                     | Send keycodes to the connected host when a key is pressed                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `&mt`         | [Mod Tap](mod-tap.md)                         | Sends a different key press, depending on whether it is held or tapped                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `&mt`         | [Mod Tap](mod-tap.md)                         | Sends a different key press depending on whether a key is held or tapped                                                                                                                                                                          |
```
